Really, I was just about to ask about Sun Qian
And he asked me to sleep with him.
When I was about to say no
You rushed in
I don't think so.
If I hadn't rushed in
Are you just going to go along with it?
Then say something innocent after the fact
I'm all here to investigate Sun Quan
Not my intention or something, right?
You guessed it.
Good idea.
Yue'er is right
Men don't have a good thing, hey, it's not me
You two had a nice chat.
Zheng Qing
Hey, don't be in a hurry to leave.
Come and have a good chat
Zheng Qing, what are you doing?
It's Junior Sister Chu
Before you dressed as a man
I didn't even recognize it.
Tell me what's the matter with us
Bring so many people
I don't think he wants to talk to us about something as simple as home
No, definitely not.
My goal was simple.
Also very direct
I want you to disappear from this world